update readme (#45)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-unity-samples: samples_project/Assets/SampleViewer/Samples/Measure/readme.md

> 

Reviewer: For the h1 title, I think we better use `# Measure distance`...

Author: good point, Adrien and I talked a few days ago and we're likely add measure area to this sample, so maybe better to keep it as measure?

Reviewer: If I have more information about the new sample you and Adrien talked about, maybe we have better names... We can talk about it this week.

> Draw lines on the map and show distance.

Reviewer: `Measure the distance by drawing lines on the map.` or Display the measured distance by drawing lines on the map.`

"Draw lines" is not what this sample shows but "Measure" or " Display the measurement" is, right?

![Measure](measure.PNG)

## How to use the sample

> 1. Set your API Key in the ArcGISMapActor using the World Outliner window (if you are using the SampleViewerLevel you can also set the key through the UI or the level blueprint).
> 2. While holding shift, click on the map to begin measuring. Continue to click on the map to add additional vertices. The accumulated distance will be shown. This sample is only set up to work with a mouse and keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the **Measure** scene.
2. Set your API Key in the **ArcGIS Map** game object using the **Inspector** window.
3. While holding shift, click on the map to begin measuring. Continue to click on the map to add additional vertices. The accumulated distance will be shown. This sample is only set up to work with a mouse and keyboard.
```

I didn't doublecheck with the Unity screen though I guess it's something like this.

## How it works

> 1. This sample uses [ArcGISGeometryEngine](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/api-reference/gameengine/geometry/arcgisgeometryengine#distancegeodetic) to calculate distance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. This sample uses [`ArcGISGeometryEngine`](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/api-reference/gameengine/geometry/arcgisgeometryengine#distancegeodetic) to calculate distance. 
```

It's a class name so...

> 2. The measured distance is [geodetic/geodesic distance](https://pro.arcgis.com/en/pro-app/2.8/tool-reference/spatial-analyst/geodesic-versus-planar-distance.htm). Geodetic distance is calculated in a 3D spherical space as the distance across the curved surface of the world.

Reviewer: Since the sample doesn't use Pro, I think it's better to use these 2 URLs for the links. 

https://developers.arcgis.com/documentation/glossary/geodesic/
https://developers.arcgis.com/documentation/glossary/geodetic-measurement/

The URL you added could be in also but add it as `you can find more information about the differences between geodesic and planar distance in ArcGIS Pro documentation` and use this link to land on the specific section. (The page is about the tool on ArcGIS Pro.)

https://pro.arcgis.com/en/pro-app/2.8/tool-reference/spatial-analyst/geodesic-versus-planar-distance.htm#ESRI_SECTION1_A0F81D4CC1C14618B64BEF3469196C69
